---
layout: post
title: CS371p Fall 2017 - Jordan Howe
date: 2017-9-10
---
 
# Week 2

### What did I do this past week?

This week was rather fun but more than a bit troublesome. The biggest problem was merely getting everything setup correctly. It started with docker. I was having a problem getting it to run on my laptop. I spent quite a while troubleshooting until I realized that my laptop was only running windows 10 home edition. Because of this windows lacked the virutialization components needed to get Docker running. I must say that the experience of upgrading windows was rather painless. The next step was takling the monolitic wall of text that is the workflow. I had a hard time getting travis to work but in the end everything should be mostly set up. Last friday I sat down with collatz for the first time to crank out the "stupidest possible implementation." And thats were I currently stand. 

### What's in my way?
As of right now I'm running into a small problem with the third test failing on hackerrank. It's not timing out, but getting a wrong answer. So something must be wrong with my caching of values. But its a bit strange that the other two tests are passing.

### What will I do next week?
This next week will be a time of optimization and prep for the career fair. I'm quite looking forward to it!

### What's my experience of the class?
The class has been fun so far. No complaints with the content, but the amount of reading is more than I'm used to. I have a feeling that things could get very hecktic between this class and my others later in the semester.

### What's my pick of the week?
My pick of the week has to be docker. This piece of software is amazing and I'm really looking forward to using it in a more indepth fashion. 
