---
layout: post
title: CS371p Fall 2017: Jordan Howe
---
 
# Week 3

### What did I do this past week?

This week was a rather hecktic one, but not because of anything happening with CS371p. What made it hecktic was the due dates of many projects and a few events managing to 
find them selves on the same week. The big stand out of which was the UT CNS Career Fair. Though it would be much better to call it the UT Computer Science Career Fair!. 
It was a daunting event. There were hundreds of employers each with a booth setup and easily 10x as many students. Many of the big hitters of the programming world were also there. 
Including Google, IBM, and Microsoft. However I mostly steered clear of them. I had my sights set on some smaller players. One company in particular has my eye.
Two friends of mine work there. They both really enjoy working for that company, and right now its my number one target. This week I also
was fortunate enough to be called in for an on campus interview. I think it went well. I demostrated that I know more than nothing about programming!

### What's in my way?

Honestly nothing at the moment. As long as I keep my head above water and don't push of doing things until the deadline gets closer I think
I will do quite well this semester!

### What will I do next week?

I have a few things planned. I'm expecting a lull in things I need to do this week. This will give me some valuable time to implement some ideas for my NES
emulator that have been rolling around in my head. The source code is one my github if interested. #casualplug

### What's my experience of the class?

Overall positive. I'm thankful that I wasn't called on this week. It always makes me nervous. I also tend to make stupid mistakes on the quizzes so its nice to be
able to nail one with a 6/6.

### What's my pick of the week?

I'm going to have to stick with Docker again. I'm learning new things about it every week and the possibilites with it are really exciting. 
This week I learned all about the restart policies, connecting to running containers (instead of starting up a new one), and building your own container and commiting it.
Right now I have a container specialized for my virutalization class and one for CS371p. Both startup on windows startup, each with the right filesystem bindings.
Development of C++ code on windows has never been easier!

